DOCS-1653: R2D2 Docs Updates (#2433)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/machines.md

## Navigating the machine page

Next to the machine name, there is an indicator of the machine's status.
Click on the **status** dropdown to open a menu with information about each {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}} of your machine.
Once you connect to the `viam-server` instance on a part, this display includes its OS, Host, `viam-server` version, IP addresses, and what time it was last online or remote address (if live):

![The machine page with part menu expanded](/fleet/app-usage/machine-page.png)

### Set up a new machine

<!-- TODO R2D2: might need screenshot and needs to be revisited once setup construction is finished -->

To connect to the `viam-server` instance on a part, follow the setup instructions.

> Click **View setup instructions** on the part status dropdown menu in the top left corner.

Author: ```suggestion
Open the part status dropdown menu in the top left corner of the page, next to the machine's name.
Click **View setup instructions** to open the setup instructions.
```
